W-19549770: Edit readme: add missing args and toolsets, rearrange and reorg a tad (#187)
salesforcecli/mcp: README.md

   - Which are my active scratch orgs?
   - Show me all the accounts in the org with alias my-org.
   - Deploy everything in my project to the org with alias my-org.
   - Do you see any performance or security issues with the Apex code in my DX project?
   - I see that my Apex code violates the pmd:ApexCRUDViolation rule; can you give me more information about this rule?

1. To stop, restart, or view the MCP server configuration, run the **MCP: List Servers** command, click `Salesforce DX`, then click the appropriate option.

## Configure the DX MCP Server

> Configure the Salesforce DX MCP Server by passing arguments to the `args`option. Surround the argument name and its value each in double quotes, and separate all arguments and values with commas. Some arguments are Boolean and don't take a value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the Salesforce DX MCP Server by setting flags in the `args` array. Surround the flag name and its value each in double quotes, and separate all flags and values with commas. Some flags are Boolean and don't take a value. 
```

I think I agree with Josh. "flags" might be more familiar to users. Especially since they have the standard flag prefix (`--`)

Author: I changed it everywhere, I too agree it reads better.

> This example shows three arguments that take a value (`-y`, `--orgs`, and `--toolsets`) and one Boolean argument (`--allow-non-ga-tools`):

Reviewer: Agreed, either remove the mention of `"-y", "@salesforce/mcp"` or explain that it is require to start the server and instruct users not to change it :D

> This example shows three arguments that take a value (`-y`, `--orgs`, and `--toolsets`) and one Boolean argument (`--allow-non-ga-tools`):

Author: yep, I should have asked before guessing :).  I changed it.

```
     "servers": {
       "Salesforce DX": {
         "type": "stdio",
         "command": "npx",
         "args": ["-y", "@salesforce/mcp", "--orgs", "DEFAULT_TARGET_ORG", "--toolsets", "all", "--allow-non-ga-tools"]
       }
     }
```

These are the available arguments that you can pass to the `args` option. 

> | Argument | Description | Required? |Notes |

Author: I guess I used "arguments" because of the `args:` option!  But yeah, I prefer flags as well, so I changed it everwhere. Thx

This example shows how to specify that the MCP tools run against your default org when you configure the MCP server for VS Code:

```json

>      "mcp": {

Author: Hmmm, I htink you're looking at an old version -- I removed that `mcp` part at some point so as to make it more generic.  Is what's there now okay and applicable to most clients?

         "Salesforce DX": {
           "type": "stdio",
           "command": "npx",

>            "args": ["-y", "@salesforce/mcp", "--orgs", "DEFAULT_TARGET_ORG"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
           "args": ["-y", "@salesforce/mcp", "--orgs", "DEFAULT_TARGET_ORG,test-org@example.com"]
```
See the "This sample snippet shows ..." line below

Author: @iowillhoit , I'm a bit confused.  I thought setting `--orgs` to `DEFAULT_TARGET_ORG` _automatically_ picked up the default local (or global if local not set) target org in a DX project.  So `,test-org@example.com` isn't needed in this case.  Or am I misunderstanding?  This first example is meant to show the simplest way to set `--orgs`, and the next examples show more complex ways.

Author: Ah, that explains it!  So I think we're all good?

Use the `--toolsets` (or short name `-t`) flag to specify the toolsets when you configure the Salesforce DX MCP Server. Separate multiple toolsets with commas. The `--toolsets` flag is optional; if you don't specify it, the MCP server is configured with all toolsets.

These are the available toolsets.

| Toolset| Description|
| ----- | ----- |
| `all` | Enables all available tools from all toolsets. This is the default value if you don't specify the `--toolsets` flag.|
| `orgs` | [Tools to manage your authorized orgs.](README.md#orgs-toolset)|
| `data` | [Tools to manage the data in your org, such as listing all accounts.](README.md#data-toolset)|
| `users` | [Tools to manage org users, such as assigning a permission set.](README.md#users-toolset)|
| `metadata` | [Tools to deploy and retrieve metadata to and from your org and your DX project.](README.md#metadata-toolset)|
| `testing` | [Tools to test your code and features](README.md#testing-toolset)|

> | `other` | [Tools for static analysis of your code. The tools use Salesforce Code Analyzer.](README.md#other-toolset)|

Author: Good point!  I changed it to say "other useful tools", but used Code Analyzer as an example.

- `sf-test-agents` - Executes agent tests in your org.
- `sf-test-apex` - Executes apex tests in your org.

#### Other Toolset

Includes these tools, which aren't yet generally available:

- `sf-code-analyzer-run` - (NON-GA) Performs a static analysis of your code. Includes validating that the code conforms to best practices, checking for security vulnerabilities, and identifying possible performance issues.

>     `performance issues.

Author: yes!  Removed it.
